well IIT there Internet people it's Bo
again so tonight I want to talk about
the greatest generation and what we can
learn from them because when we think
about them today we think about the
dramatic we think about d-day stuff like
that
we don't think about the minut and maybe
we should we don't think about the
smaller things that people were willing
to do the sacrifices they were willing
to make in the face of a global threat
something that was going to alter the
course of humanity six guys agreed to do
something that today wouldn't even
really be asked France had fallen France
fallen and there was a real worry in the
United Kingdom one of the worries was
that this two square mile Rock Gibraltar
was going to fall now today it's not
strategically important then was a big
deal it was a big deal it provided a lot
of observation posts and there was a
real worry so in the event that it fell
the British government came up with a
plan
they built secret chambers and tunnels
on this rock that overlooked the
Mediterranean
six guys agreed to stay behind in these
secret chambers and watch if it fell to
the opposition they were gonna record
transmitted back what was going on the
Chamber's were stocked with years worth
of supplies think about that it's pretty
big commitment even more so when you
find out they were gonna be sealed
inside they couldn't leave it they
wanted to they were going to wait until
Gibraltar was retaken sick people agreed
to do this and there's a possibility
that more agreed to do them we just
don't know about it yet was called
Operation tracer it was
compartmentalized so the one area that
was found the one chamber that was found
they may not know but it does appear
that there were other teams that were
gonna do this people that were gonna
stay for years sealed in a room
in the US my minor conveniences sliced
bread was banned for it didn't last long
but basically the government thought
that if they got rid of that people
would eat less and that would help
conserve that would help the war effort
an entire world United because there was
a global threat and people were
literally willing to give up sliced
bread people were willing to seal
themselves in chambers for years to
accomplish this goal yeah these things
aren't as dramatic as storming a
machine-gun nest on d-day but it says
little things that would truly alter the
course of history today people don't
want to give up single-use straws that's
too much to ask when confronted with a
global threat and normally it's those
people who truly idolize the greatest
generation but they do it for all the
wrong reasons these were people who
lived through the depression they knew
what hard times one
they willing to take those tough steps
to do those hard things so their kids
and grandkids doesn't have to today I
know I need to worry about the
environment I'll be dead by that let's
go watch Saving Private Ryan we have a
global threat and it's a role one
doesn't matter what the study from the
oil company tells you it's a real one
and it's going to take both the dramatic
and the mundane to solve it anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night